hi guys today I wanted to talk to you
about preflop strategy and how you
should tackle the first round of betting
so it's a very very important part of
the game now where you sit in relation
to the button in the dealer so whether
an early late or middle position on the
table is very very important and how you
actually look at that first round of
betting and also obviously what type of
hands you have and so forth now there's
a lot to take in and when you're trying
to think about what do I need to do when
I'm when I'm at that first round of
betting now we'll look at first position
so we're looking very very start like in
early position on the table it's
arguably the worst position on the table
that is the worst position on the table
all right so one really big piece of
advice i'll give you that you should
really take on board when you're the
first to act before the flop get into a
habit of actually calling instead of
raising okay now even if you've got a
really strong hand like pair of tens
jacks queens king aces Ice King ace
Queen and ace jack what this does it
allows you to see what everyone else
does and allows you to act appropriately
okay now possibly turning the tables and
getting someone else pop committed with
an inferior hand now quick example of
this is say for your adult pocket
rockets pair of aces right you call like
you're supposed to now when someone else
raises like you knew they would because
they will because they think because
people who in the middle late to
position they try and be a bit more
aggressive okay and they will raise over
the top of you so call this person will
raise and people you know will call the
action will eventually come back to you
now you re raised now why not you've got
the strongest hand you've got a pair of
aces statistically speaking pair of aces
winds about 75% of the time and the
original raiser will either check or
going over the top or even possibly go
in which is pretty damn good from your
word from where you're sitting you want
them to do that because you've got in
beat basically from it from the early
position on the table you just want to
be a little bit cautious you want to see
what other people are doing before you
actually jump in the out because you've
got nothing to go on at the end of the
day when you we need at start now things
change me to get to that mid to late
okay you can't win without strong
starting hands that's obviously a given
right
you should raise before the flop with
any pair of aces kings queens jacks and
tens all right you can rearrange the
hand if you're holding a pair of aces
kings or queens in your hand and some
has already raised their hand okay now I
can go into all these different things
that you can that you can go and do and
so forth but probably the quickest way
for you to actually really understand
preflop strategy is to give you a bit of
a guide now on screen now you'll see a
table that we have that ranks different
types of hands okay and underneath that
you will have to see a couple of small
other tables now those tables reflect
early middle and late positions and
you'll see on the left hand side will
say you'll see open the bidding call the
raise and raise re-raise now within
those sub headings and those positions
you'll see the hands from the table up
top that you should play okay and then
you'll see another table underneath that
will for when you actually in the blinds
as well ok so the pre the pre flop
strategy grid is being put together
really just to show you and give you an
idea of where to start because there is
a lot of things that you need to keep in
mind in regards to starting hands and
where you actually are on the table okay
things change your medically as you move
around the table but this this guides
bend all the grid rather is being put
together for a full table of about nine
to ten players things change as less and
less players are actually on the table
okay so say for example you're at it and
go table with about five people you
dealt a king queen now normally that
plays as a priority ranking hand which
doesn't really you don't really do
anything okay you only really probably
might look at the knee ranked hand if
you're in a position but that king queen
hand will move up to better see ranking
so usually at least a minimum hands will
move up at least one when you're getting
further down when the less and less
people and sometimes you sometimes even
to priority rankings higher as well okay
so one thing to keep in mind when it
comes to preflop strategy is okay where
you're sitting you've got to get you
going to be very very cautious when
seeing now the further you get around
the table and the labor position you sit
in you can become a bit more open it can
be a bit more aggressive
you can try things out because you can
see what other people are doing okay but
if you are a bit of a beginner and
you're not really sure about how to play
the pre flop stick to this table stick
to this and you will you will do well I
can guarantee it eventually you won't
need it which is obviously where you
want to be but at least you've got
something to go by I highly recommend
that you either take a print screen of
this or you copy it down by hand or
whatever you need to do because it's a
very very available little tool that's
been put together to help people out as
well so good luck with preflop it's not
as hard as you think it takes look again
it just comes down to experience and
playing a little bit but good luck and I
hope we'll see you at the table say so
thanks a lot for checking out this video
and so we'll see you later